Let's now turn to the use of
summarization in question answering.
The goal of summarization is to produce an
abridged version of a text that contains
information that's important to or
relevant for a user, particular user need.
And so that might mean abstracting
any kind of document or
article, summarizing email threads or
meetings, simplifying text.
We'll talk about compressing sentences.
And we can talk about
summarization in two ways.
Single document summarization,
given a single document,
we're going to produce an abstract or
an outline.
Perhaps a headline,
a very short summary of a document.
In multiple document summarization,
we're given a group of documents,
presumably related documents, and our job
is to produce the gist of these documents.
So, if we have some news
stories on the same event,
we might summarize the event by picking
the information from different documents.
That can be true also for
any kind of set of web pages that
are focused on some topic or question.
Now, we distinguish between
generic summarization and
query focused summarization.
Generic summarization is
what I talked about so far.
We have some document or
some set of documents and
our job is just to build a summary.
Query focused summarization is
summarizing a document with respect to
the information need that the user
expresses by their query.
So, you can think of query-focused
summarization just another kind of complex
question and answering, where answering
a question by summarizing a document
that has the information in it to
construct the answer that the user needs.
Now, we've all seen
query-focused summaries,
because that's what search engines use to
show you the information about a page.
So for example Google will
give you 156 characters,
about 26 words for each page,
as a summary of the page.
So if I'd asked a question to Google,
what is Die Brucke?
And I get say these three URLs back we
have the title of the URL, and then some
text and that text, that snippet is some
kind of summary of the page that helps
the user understand what's in the page.
So we can think of summarization
in general of single documents
as generating things like snippets.
And we're going to talk about the more
general task of specifically just snippets
for web search but you can think of these
snippets as a characteristic example.
Now where a snippet is the answer to a
question, taking information from a single
document, we often want the answer
from multiple documents.
So creating answers to complex
questions that involve summarizing for
multiple documents,
we're going to create a cohesive answer
that combines information
from each of these documents.
So that's multiple document
question answering,
now we can think of two ways
of doing summarization.
In extractive summarization we created
a summary by taking particular words or
phrases that are in the documents and
building a summary just out
of this words or phrases.
And a snippet from a search
engine like Google
as an extractive summary in this way.
I contrast an abstractive summary as
one which we create our own words,
different words than are in the text,
to summarize the content of the text.
And we're going to be talking completely
about extractive summarization today.
Abstractive summarization is an important
research goal, but very difficult.
And one thing to think about whenever
we're talking about summarizing from
a document whether it's a webpage or
anything else is what our baselines are
for summarization and good writers often
put their ideas right at the beginning
at the title or at the first sentence.
So a simple baseline whenever we're
measuring any kind of summarization
algorithm, is just taking
the first sentence.
So, for example, in this Google query,
what is the Die Brucka,
if we took the output from this first hit,
and we look at the sentence, Die Brucka
was a group of German expressionist
artists formed in Dresden, and so on.
Let's look at this page,
where the snippet comes from and
we can see that this
snippet is really just
the first 156 characters of this page.
So sometimes the best snippet
is really just the beginning.
And so we're going to use that not only
as a baseline, but later we'll see that
that's a feature we could use in different
kinds of summarization algorithms.
We've introduced the task of natural
language generations, producing abstracts,
summaries, or
even headlines from a document.
And we've talked about
query focus summarization,
where we use summarization to
answer a particular question.
We built a summary of a document that is
specifically designed to answer
a question posed by the user.
And we've talked about single and multiple
document summarization, and now we'll see
the details of how to do each of
these tasks in the further lectures.